OK let's talk about the concept of scope what is the scope scope is where a viable or a constant has
meaning and is accessible.
Take a look at this block of code here.
As you know a block is indicated by curly braces.
Here we have three blocks of code.
Here's one here's another and here's the last one in the first block.
I've got a variable called A and A is accessible anywhere inside this block or any of its child blocks
.
If I go out of this block and try to access a the program will not compile the same rule applies to
other variables.
So let's take a look at this block here.
B is meaningful anywhere inside this block or any of his children.
If I go outside this block and try to access B I'm going to get a compile time error.
Ok I think that's enough theory for now.
Let's open our visual studio and do some coding.